[Music]
the burden against Babylon which Isaiah
the son of Amoz saw lift up a banner on
the high mountain raise your voice to
them wave your hand that they may enter
the gates of the nobles I have commanded
my sanctified ones I have also called my
mighty ones for my anger those who
rejoice in my exaltation the noise of a
multitude in the mountains like that of
many people a tumultuous noise of the
kingdoms of nations gathered together
the Lord of Hosts musters the army for
battle they come from a far country from
the end of heaven the Lord and his
weapons of indignation to destroy the
whole land wailed for the day of the
Lord is at hand it will come as
destruction from the Almighty
therefore all hands will be limp every
man's heart will melt and they will be
afraid pangs and sorrows will take hold
of them they will be in pain as a woman
in childbirth they will be amazed at one
another their faces will be like flames
behold the day of the Lord comes cruel
with both wrath and fierce anger to lay
the land desolate and he will destroy
its sinners from it for the stars of
heaven and their constellations will not
give their light The Sun will be
darkened in its going forth and the moon
will not cause its light to shine I will
punish the world for its evil and the
wicked for their iniquity I will halt
the arrogance of the proud and will lay
low the hot
of the terrible I will make a mortal
more rare than fine gold a man more than
the golden wedge of Ophir therefore I
will shake the heavens and the earth
will move out of her place in the wrath
of the Lord of Hosts and in the day of
his fierce anger it shall be as the
hunted gazelle and as a sheep that no
man takes out every man will turn to his
own people and everyone will flee to his
own land everyone who is found will be
thrust through and everyone who is
captured will fall by the sword their
children also will be dashed to pieces
before their eyes their houses will be
plundered and their wives ravished
behold I will stir up the Meads against
them who will not regard silver and as
for gold they will not delight in it
also their bows will dash the young men
to pieces and they will have no pity on
the fruit of the womb there I will not
spare children and Babylon the glory of
kingdoms the beauty of the Chaldeans
pride will be as when God overthrew
Sodom and Gomorrah
it will never be inhabited nor will it
be settled from generation to generation
nor will the Arabian pitch tents there
nor will the Shepherd's make their sheep
folds there but wild beasts of the
desert will lie there and their houses
will be full of owls ostriches will
dwell there and wild goats will taper
there the hyenas will howl in their
Citadel's and jackals in their pleasant
palaces her time is near to come and her
days will not be prolonged